---
title: "My new blog, the return (again). The new(old) enemy"
date: 2024-09-07T16:33:17+01:00
draft: false # Set 'false' to publish
tableOfContents: false # Enable/disable Table of Contents
description: ""
categories:
  - Life
tags:
  - Life
---

Ever since I became a software engineer, I've always really admired people who share their knowledge and experience through blog posts. I'm sorry to say that I've never been the type of person who has had the gift of writing, but that's okay! I've learned that it's not a gift to be a good writer (especially for blog posting), but rather a matter of training, dedication, and reading (a lot of reading). So, this is my try number <<add a random number here>> to start and keep a blog to share the things that I like the most, the things that I have learned.

2024 was a bit of a weird one, really, if you compare it to the previous one. In 2023, I was all about building my reputation in the company and getting noticed by the teams as someone who really gets how we're coming up with solutions. I'd say I nailed that one, but, to be honest, I didn't really benefit that much from it. It was a great achievement for my career in the company, but I had other outcomes that unfortunately didn't come to.

So, in early January, I decided to focus on myself and I made a list of the places I would like to visit and set myself the goal of visiting four new countries.

I didn't travel much as a child, just one beach holiday a year, so it was a new experience for me. But 2018 was a game-changer. A trip to the USA opened my eyes to the wonders of travel, meeting new cultures and seeing just how diverse the world is. That's when I realised that travel is the best way for me to grow as a person. Since I moved to Europe, that's been my main goal and motivation to be here, and this year I've travelled more than ever before. I've visited four different countries, each with its own unique languages and cultures: Milan (Italy), Amsterdam (Netherlands), Crete Island (Greece) and finally London (England).

It was my second time in Italy, the first on in the south (Naples and Amalfi Coast), and now I went to the north: Milan. Sadly I made a mistake and booked only 3 days in there, and of course it wasn't enough, and I need to visit the city soon again. The city is beautiful and very different from Naples, but equally well-connected. I had the opportunity to go to the nearby cities like Verona and Lago Di Garda - lovely places.

From Milan, I flight to Amsterdam, and the culture shock was visible in the information signs everywhere. But luckily, most people speak a very good English, and it was quite easy to get the directions. The city breathes art and culture, I could confirm it when I visited some of the museums most of them are in the same area. I visited the Rijeksmuseum, this is a day tour easily there are a lot of things to visit in there, but the main attraction is the Van Gogh paintings.

I went to Greece at the end of summer, to the island of Crete, which is the biggest Greek island. It's easily the most beautiful place I've ever been to. The people are easy-going, the food is delicious, and the beaches are breathtaking. The way to the most well-known beaches is an amazing experience, surrounded by mountains that provide spectacular views.

I went to London for the first time in November, and I was pleasantly surprised. Even on a gray day, the city is so vibrant. It's a bit like São Paulo, a chaotic yet beautiful place where different cultures come together. I went to some famous spots like Big Ben, London Bridge and the London Eye. But what I enjoyed most was the walking tours. I did two of them, one where I passed by some iconic places with hidden stories, and the other where I learned about the history of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the author behind Sherlock Holmes books. I bought a Sherlock Holmes book, which I must admit was a bit of a challenge to get through!

Even though I have had said that 2024 was the year to focus on myself, however after those trips I turned my attention to my professional life again and decided to learn new things to try to move my career to a new step. London has changed something on me that I start to think that wouldn't be a bad idea live in a city like that. So I started to draft a roadmap to get there. And since then I'm working on it and start blogging is a first stop to it.

I hope 2025 brings to me new adventures and challenges!
